As with any resource of AWOS lambda functions has basic operational functions that you can access the
configuration of your function update your function update the configuration get all the functions that
you have and delete them and so on.
So to start off with getting a function configuration lets us implement our method to see all the configuration
regarding a lambda function.
So I'll say def get function and within this method all I want to pass in is a function name as I always
do.
So within this method all I want to do is return Lamda client and yet function.
And within this method I want to pass in a function name and also function name and the parameter passing
in from my method signature as you can see here.
So if I go down and let's first comment these lines out and I basically print out the response for this
get function call and I'm just going to go and pass in my Python lambda name.
So let's just go and hit run and get the configuration of our lambda function.
And here we go.
Our request is successful and if we scroll down a little bit as you can see we have the configuration
object under the configuration key within the dictionary.
We have the function name as Python lambda function.
We have the air end of the function as you can see here we have the runtime as Python 3.6.
We have a roll handler and basically everything about glamour function.
And even as you can see we have the last modified date we have called SSA 256 and so on.
So this is basically how you can access the configuration the full configuration of your lambda function.